CGTS 2021: Initial Article (#4935)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/GTS/CGTS_2021/en.md

   - Europe: Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Iceland, Italy, Ireland, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Moldova, Monaco, Norway, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russian Federation, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom, Ukraine.
   - North America: Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Canada, Costa Rica, Cuba, Dominica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Grenada, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, United States of America.
   - Oceania/South East Asia: Australia, Brunei, Cambodia, Fiji, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Myanmar, Nauru, New Zealand, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Samoa, Singapore, Solomon Islands, Thailand, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Vietnam.
   - South America: Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, Uruguay, Venezuela.

### Stage regulations

> 1. There are seven stages in the 1v1 tournament, the Qualifiers, the RO32, the RO16, the Quarterfinals, the Semifinals, the Finals, and the Grand Finals. It may change depending on if a region gets less players than expected, or much more than expected.
> 2. There are five stages in the team tournament, the Qualifiers, the Quarterfinals, the Semifinals, the Finals, and the Grand Finals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. There are seven stages in the 1v1 tournament: the Qualifiers, the RO32, the RO16, the Quarterfinals, the Semifinals, the Finals, and the Grand Finals. It may change depending on if a region gets less players than expected, or much more than expected.
2. There are five stages in the team tournament: the Qualifiers, the Quarterfinals, the Semifinals, the Finals, and the Grand Finals.
```

3. Players/Teams will be seeded with the average of their ranks on each map during the Qualifiers round.

> 4. The first seed of the Qualifiers in the team tournament will be getting a bye, making them go to the Semifinals directly.

Reviewer: is "getting a bye" an established term? sounds like poor wording choice

### Mappool instructions

1. There will be 1 mappool for each of the following: Qualifiers, Round of 32, Round of 16, Quarterfinals, Semifinals, Finals, and Grand Finals. For the 1v1 tournaments, every mappool will be different per region.
2. The Loser's Bracket will play on the same pool as the Winner's bracket of the same weekend.
3. The Qualifiers pool will be different from all the other rounds, as it will have a format of 2 NoMod maps, 1 Hidden map, 1 HardRock map, 1 DoubleTime map.
4. Each mappool consists of 6 brackets: **NoMod, Hidden, HardRock, DoubleTime, FreeMod, and Tiebreaker**.
5. The mappools from Group Stage until Round of 16 will have 14 maps each. The quarterfinals mappool will have 15 maps. The mappools from Semifinals until Grand Finals will have 19 maps.
6. The size of the NoMod bracket will be of 4 in Group Stage until Round Of 16, it will be of 5 in Quarterfinals, and it will be of 6 in Semifinals until Grand Finals.
7. The size of the Hidden, Hard Rock, and Double Time will be of 2 from Group Stage until Quarterfinals, and it will be of 3 from Semifinals until Grand Finals.
8. The size of the FreeMod pool will be of 3 during the rest of the tournament.

> 9. The FreeMod pool is played with FreeMod activated. Every player HAS to pick Hidden, HardRock or both. In the team tournament, at least two players have to pick Hidden, HardRock or both.

Reviewer: consider using bold font instead of capital letters for emphasis

10. The Tiebreaker is played under FreeMod conditions but it is not necessary to enable mods.
11. The mappool for each stage will be showcased a week before.

### Scheduling instructions

> 1. Every stage will be held **during the weekend**. (it is however allowed to schedule on another day if no good time is found during the weekend and a referee is available)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Every stage will be held **during the weekend**. It is, however, allowed to schedule on another day, if no good time is found during the weekend and a referee is available.
```

> 2. We will try to schedule as best as possible to fit with the timezones. The schedule will be released the previous weekend of each stage.

Reviewer: tried my best to fix the wording here, was *that* your intention?
```suggestion
2. We will try to schedule as good as possible to fit with the timezones. The schedule of each stage will be released on the weekend prior to it.
```

3. Reschedules will only be considered if both players/teams agree to a time, this needs to be done and notified to the tournament staff before **Thursday at 23:59 UTC** in that particular week when the match takes place.
4. For the team tournament, reschedules may only be requested by **the team captain**.

### Match regulations

1. A private lobby will be created 10 minutes before the scheduled match takes place by a referee. Both players will be invited into the room when it's match time.
2. If no staff or referee is available the match will be postponed.

> 3. If one of the players is late, the maximum time the match can be postponed is 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If one of the players is late, the maximum time the match can be postponed by is 10 minutes.
```

4. There is no penalty for not joining the room instantly after match time as long as it's within the postponed time.
5. If neither of the players are in the lobby after 10 minutes, the highest seeded player will advance.
6. If neither of both teams have the minimum required players after 10 minutes, the highest seeded team will advance.
7. During the 1v1 tournament, matches will be played as Head to Head and ScoreV2. The name of the room will be "CGTS 2021: (Player 1) vs (Player 2)"
8. During the team tournament, matches will be played as Team VS and ScoreV2. The name of the room will be "CGTS 2021: (Team Red) vs (Team Blue)".

> 9. Each player/team is allowed one warm-up but it must be below 3 minutes, and must be sent to the referee and streamer of the match one hour prior to the match's start time. Otherwise, the player/team will have no warmups.

Reviewer: contradicts with `There will be no warmups` from "Qualified regulations"

10. Each player/team has to ban one beatmap to be selected from the pool (apart from Tiebreaker). These beatmaps are not allowed to be picked by any player/team in the entire match.
11. Each player/team captains will roll with the command `!roll` in the chat.
12. The player/team with the highest roll bans second and picks first. The player/team with the lowest roll bans first and picks second.
13. Each player/team captain has 2 mins to announce their ban. If they didn't tell the referee by that time the ban will be made with a roll.
14. Beatmap selection will then alternate between each player/team captain selecting a beatmap out of the map pool.
15. Players/Team captains may pick freely from any bracket.
16. Players/Teams will have 2 minutes to pick a beatmap and 2 minutes to get ready. If a player didn't tell their pick before the end of the timer the map will be picked with a roll. And if players do not get ready before the end of the roll, the match will be started, no matter what.
17. During the team tournament, exchanging players during a match is allowed without limitations.

> 18. If a player disconnects between the beatmaps, the match can be delayed 10 minutes at maximum. This delay can only be applied once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
18. If a player disconnects between the beatmaps, the match can be delayed for 10 minutes at maximum. This delay can only be applied once.
```

> 19. If a player disconnects after 30 seconds, they get treated as if they lost the map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
19. If a player disconnects after 30 seconds, they are treated as if they have failed the map.
```

6. The size of the NoMod bracket will be of 4 in Group Stage until Round Of 16, it will be of 5 in Quarterfinals, and it will be of 6 in Semifinals until Grand Finals.
7. The size of the Hidden, Hard Rock, and Double Time will be of 2 from Group Stage until Quarterfinals, and it will be of 3 from Semifinals until Grand Finals.
8. The size of the FreeMod pool will be of 3 during the rest of the tournament.
9. The FreeMod pool is played with FreeMod activated. Every player **has** to pick Hidden, HardRock or both. In the team tournament, at least two players have to pick Hidden, HardRock or both.
10. The Tiebreaker is played under FreeMod conditions but it is not necessary to enable mods.
11. The mappool for each stage will be showcased a week before.

### Scheduling instructions

> 1. Every stage will be held **during the weekend**. It is, however, allowed to schedule on another day, if no good time is found during the weekend and a referee is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Every stage will be held **during the weekend**. It is, however, allowed to schedule it on another day, if no good time is found during the weekend and a referee is available.
```
